_pages/about.md, before:

---
permalink: /
title: "About me"
excerpt: "About me"
author_profile: true
redirect_from: 
  - /about/
  - /about.html

---

Hi! I'm a forth-year undergraduate student at Nankai University majoring in Software Engineering. I will be pursuing a Ph.D. at ICT, CAS and be fortunate to be advised by [Prof. Fei Sun](http://ofey.me/). My research interests include Knowledge Editing, NLP, Trustworthy AI, Recommender System.

## Publications

### 2024

- **🦋🌪️ The Butterfly Effect of Model Editing: Few Edits Can Trigger Large Language Models Collapse.** [[Paper](https://arxiv.org/abs/2402.09656)] [[Code](https://github.com/WLYangICT/Collapse-in-Model-Editing)] [[Website](https://yangwl.site/collapse-in-model-editing)] <br>
  **<u>Wanli Yang</u>**, Fei Sun, Xinyu Ma, Xun Liu, Dawei Yin, Xueqi Cheng <br>
  **ACL 2024 Findings**
- **Blinded by Generated Contexts: How Language Models Merge Generated and Retrieved Contexts for Open-Domain QA?** [[Paper](https://arxiv.org/abs/2401.11911)]<br>
  Hexiang Tan, Fei Sun, **<u>Wanli Yang</u>**, Yuanzhuo Wang, Qi Cao, Xueqi Cheng <br>
  **ACL 2024**

## Experience

- **Research Intern, Baidu Inc**

  11/2023 - present, Baidu Search, with [Dr. Xinyu Ma](https://albert-ma.github.io/)

- **Research Intern, Renmin University of China**

  12/2022 - 06/2023, [AI Box](http://aibox.ruc.edu.cn/) Lab, advised by [Prof. Wayne Xin Zhao](https://scholar.google.com/citations?user=JNhNacoAAAAJ)

- **Research Intern, Nankai University**

  10/2022 - 02/2023, [AIOps@NKU](https://nkcs.iops.ai/) Lab, advised by [Prof. Shenglin Zhang](https://nkcs.iops.ai/shenglinzhang/)

## Project

- **Contributing to [RecBole](https://github.com/RUCAIBox/RecBole): A unified, comprehensive and efficient recommendation library (github.com), 2.9k Stars**

  The code replication of [Directed Acyclic Graph Factorization Machines for CTR Prediction via Knowledge Distillation](https://arxiv.org/abs/2211.11159), WSDM' 23

- **Contributing to [RecBole-GNN](https://github.com/RUCAIBox/RecBole-GNN): Efficient and extensible GNNs enhanced recommender library based on RecBole (github.com), 126 Stars**

  The code replication of [LightGCL: Simple Yet Effective Graph Contrastive Learning for Recommendation](https://arxiv.org/abs/2302.08191), ICLR' 23

- **Creating [NKUSE.ICU](https://nkuse.icu/): 南开大学软件学院生存手册 & A website for sharing information about the College of Software at Nankai University, 7 Stars & 3 Forks**

## Coursework

- **Parallel Programming, taught by [prof. Gang Wang](https://cc.nankai.edu.cn/2021/0323/c13619a490377/page.htm) [[Course Project]](https://github.com/wending0417/NKCS-ParallelProgramming)**

  Aiming at the parallel optimization of Inverted Index Intersection utilizing SIMD, Pthread, OpenMP, MPI, and CUDA

Commit message:

add the fall of rome

_pages/about.md, after:

---
permalink: /
title: "About me"
excerpt: "About me"
author_profile: true
redirect_from: 
  - /about/
  - /about.html

---

Hi! I'm a forth-year undergraduate student at Nankai University majoring in Software Engineering. I will be pursuing a Ph.D. at ICT, CAS and be fortunate to be advised by [Prof. Fei Sun](http://ofey.me/). My research interests include Knowledge Editing, NLP, Trustworthy AI, Recommender System.

## Preprint

### 2024

- **The Fall of ROME: Understanding the Collapse of LLMs in Model Editing.** [[Paper](https://arxiv.org/abs/2406.11263)] <br>**<u>Wanli Yang</u>**, Fei Sun, Jiajun Tan, Xinyu Ma, Du Su, Dawei Yin, Huawei Shen

## Publications

### 2024

- **🦋🌪️ The Butterfly Effect of Model Editing: Few Edits Can Trigger Large Language Models Collapse.** [[Paper](https://arxiv.org/abs/2402.09656)] [[Code](https://github.com/WLYangICT/Collapse-in-Model-Editing)] [[Website](https://yangwl.site/collapse-in-model-editing)] <br>
  **<u>Wanli Yang</u>**, Fei Sun, Xinyu Ma, Xun Liu, Dawei Yin, Xueqi Cheng <br>
  **ACL 2024 Findings**
- **Blinded by Generated Contexts: How Language Models Merge Generated and Retrieved Contexts for Open-Domain QA?** [[Paper](https://arxiv.org/abs/2401.11911)]<br>
  Hexiang Tan, Fei Sun, **<u>Wanli Yang</u>**, Yuanzhuo Wang, Qi Cao, Xueqi Cheng <br>
  **ACL 2024**

## Experience

- **Research Intern, Baidu Inc**

  11/2023 - present, Baidu Search, with [Dr. Xinyu Ma](https://albert-ma.github.io/)

- **Research Intern, Renmin University of China**

  12/2022 - 06/2023, [AI Box](http://aibox.ruc.edu.cn/) Lab, advised by [Prof. Wayne Xin Zhao](https://scholar.google.com/citations?user=JNhNacoAAAAJ)

- **Research Intern, Nankai University**

  10/2022 - 02/2023, [AIOps@NKU](https://nkcs.iops.ai/) Lab, advised by [Prof. Shenglin Zhang](https://nkcs.iops.ai/shenglinzhang/)

## Project

- **Contributing to [RecBole](https://github.com/RUCAIBox/RecBole): A unified, comprehensive and efficient recommendation library (github.com), 2.9k Stars**

  The code replication of [Directed Acyclic Graph Factorization Machines for CTR Prediction via Knowledge Distillation](https://arxiv.org/abs/2211.11159), WSDM' 23

- **Contributing to [RecBole-GNN](https://github.com/RUCAIBox/RecBole-GNN): Efficient and extensible GNNs enhanced recommender library based on RecBole (github.com), 126 Stars**

  The code replication of [LightGCL: Simple Yet Effective Graph Contrastive Learning for Recommendation](https://arxiv.org/abs/2302.08191), ICLR' 23

- **Creating [NKUSE.ICU](https://nkuse.icu/): 南开大学软件学院生存手册 & A website for sharing information about the College of Software at Nankai University, 7 Stars & 3 Forks**

## Coursework

- **Parallel Programming, taught by [prof. Gang Wang](https://cc.nankai.edu.cn/2021/0323/c13619a490377/page.htm) [[Course Project]](https://github.com/wending0417/NKCS-ParallelProgramming)**

  Aiming at the parallel optimization of Inverted Index Intersection utilizing SIMD, Pthread, OpenMP, MPI, and CUDA
